README.md, before:

# Alfresco Application Development Framework (ADF)

## Introduction

See the [introduction page](docs/user-guide/adf-introduction.md) in our
[documentation](docs/README.md) for an overview of ADF along with links
to useful starting points.

## Prerequisites

```text
Node: 18.x
NPM: 9.x
``` 

Also, check out the tutorial [Creating your first ADF Application](docs/tutorials/creating-your-first-adf-application.md)
for full details on what you may need to install before using ADF.

### See also

- [Node Version Manager](docs/tutorials/nvm.md)
- [CORS guide](ALFRESCOCORS.md)

## Components

You can find the sources for all ADF components in the [`lib`](/lib) folder.

## Libraries

ADF Libraries list:
- [Content services](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/content-services)
- [Core](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/core)
- [Extensions](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/extensions)
- [Insights](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/insights)
- [Process Service Cloud](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/process-services-cloud)
- [Process service](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/process-services)
- [Stories](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/stories)

## Demo Application

A separate application showcasing integration of components can be found
[here](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/master/demo-shell).
The app has examples of basic interaction for both APS and ACS components.

## Application generator for Yeoman

To speed up the development, you can use the
[Generator for Yeoman](https://github.com/Alfresco/generator-ng2-alfresco-app).

## Browser Support

All components are supported in the following browsers:

|**Browser** |**Version** |
|--- |--- |
| Chrome | Latest |
| Safari | Latest |
| Firefox | Latest |
| Edge | Latest |
# ADFDEMO61
# ADFDEMO61

Commit message:

custom cba search filter and custom home page. dbsearch for external query works too

README.md, after:

# Alfresco Application Development Framework (ADF)
## Modifications

This build has a custom landing page (home component) and custom search filters for CBA.

Change the proxy.conf.json file to point to your alfresco instance and be sure to load the CBA aspect.  The zip of the model is at the root of this project




## Introduction

See the [introduction page](docs/user-guide/adf-introduction.md) in our
[documentation](docs/README.md) for an overview of ADF along with links
to useful starting points.

## Prerequisites

```text
Node: 18.x
NPM: 9.x
``` 

Also, check out the tutorial [Creating your first ADF Application](docs/tutorials/creating-your-first-adf-application.md)
for full details on what you may need to install before using ADF.

### See also

- [Node Version Manager](docs/tutorials/nvm.md)
- [CORS guide](ALFRESCOCORS.md)

## Components

You can find the sources for all ADF components in the [`lib`](/lib) folder.

## Libraries

ADF Libraries list:
- [Content services](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/content-services)
- [Core](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/core)
- [Extensions](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/extensions)
- [Insights](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/insights)
- [Process Service Cloud](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/process-services-cloud)
- [Process service](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/process-services)
- [Stories](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/develop/lib/stories)

## Demo Application

A separate application showcasing integration of components can be found
[here](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/tree/master/demo-shell).
The app has examples of basic interaction for both APS and ACS components.

## Application generator for Yeoman

To speed up the development, you can use the
[Generator for Yeoman](https://github.com/Alfresco/generator-ng2-alfresco-app).

## Browser Support

All components are supported in the following browsers:

|**Browser** |**Version** |
|--- |--- |
| Chrome | Latest |
| Safari | Latest |
| Firefox | Latest |
| Edge | Latest |
# ADFDEMO61
# ADFDEMO61
